Today was a good day. Started working out. Of course like every guy I wanted 
super human core strength. (aka badass abs and chest), but... appearantly my
legs are to weak to reach perfect form for my core workout. So... I have to
massively increase my leg strength first... and bro... leg day is no joke...
After that, I hit the coldshowers again. its funny how my body is starting to
dislike hot showers after workouts.

Anyway, went to work after. Met the team. Ngl, I like my team. They're actually
hella smart. Probably smarter then me. First of, there is Clause. Clause is a
infrastructure design guy like me. Altho unlike me he actually has a CCNA cert.
So he is basicly a master in networks. Then there is Leo. Leo is a vmware expert.
Not yet certified, but he will get there. I could connect with him quite well.
Next up there is Mike. Haven't really figured out yet what Mike's specialty is.
But he is a part of the team, so he should be good at something. Last up is Sophia.
AKA our social engineering expert. She is snake. Litterly, if the sorting hat would
have to send to a house it would be Slitherin. I've seen this girl in action, and it's
crazy how many people just do she tells them to do without asking any questions. Oh and
of course our leader. The guy who takes care of the asssociates. Patrick. This guy...
this guy is just scary. He could litterly destroy life's in seconds. He even won a
deathcon medal. To win one of those you have to win a deathcon competition. Wich means
competing to hundreds of other insanely talented hackers. So yeah... the team is not bad.

We didn't got a job today tho. We got another mock job to get to know each other better.
Figuring out what our strengths and weaknesses are. Went okay. After work, most of 
the team went home. Except Leo. He was working on some personal project. Turns out he works
on A.I. We talked a bit. AFter that, we decided to go to a pub and talk. He's a good guy.
Is into movies, anime (he watches sub), books (he is currently reading the insitute. Not a
great book but you know...) Anyway, it was fun. There even was a pooltable. I destroyed him,
but it was fun.

I read your third letter btw. Funny how every time when I do something, you predicted it in 
your letters. Miss you two btw. You're actually good in the game, so it's always fun to play
with you. Now it actually feels kinda sad that I didn't had the chance to play against you
before I left. (I mean... we did play one game, but I was practicaly dead. So I wasn't nearly
at my full power. I will be back between the 9th and 13th of June. So we have to play a game,
and of course celebrate Rica's birthday.) Thanks for all the effort you have put into those
letters btw. I believe haven't said that yet. (or at least not enough times.)
