So, today was my first day. Before I could get my first job, the firm wanted to test
my  skills by giving me a mock hacking job. I had to hack a fictional company. Do
research about the fictional employees. Perform social engineering. Look for vulnerabilities
on the humanside. I already got access to te network of the fictional company. Did a couple
stealth portscans to check the open ports. Then used more portscantools to check what technology
they are using. Looked for outdated software. One of the devices within the fictional company
had a old version of mozilla firefox. Used an already existing script from metasploit to
exploit that vulnerability. Got in. Created a backdoor wich I could use at any time to get into
that device, and after I had done that, I patched the vulnerability to stay hidden. From their
I installed a keylogger. Got his login credentials. Logged into company databases. Dumped confidential
information, and erased all my tracks. And that was it. finished it in three hours. After that, I was
free to go. So that was first day.

Now about stuff that isn't related to work. I woke up at 6. Had great run. I was just 3km but, it is a
start. We also back with the coldshowers. Had time to actually have breakfast. Then I went to work.
Did my job. Went back home. Watched some suits. Studied Java. Made a new minecraft modpack. Im also thinking
of getting a keyboard (piano). I feel like playing some sad music. I swear dude... I have major trust issuess
(Btw that was wordplay cuz major is a happy key in music theory.)

Anyway, read your second letter. It made me say "awhhh" out loud. Cuz I actually wrote a diary entry weeks ago
about you telling me stories about your job. And back then I already wrote that I really don't mind. Altho,
listening to everyones stories can get tiring sometimes. (Im not necisserely talking about you, but... I listen to
lost and lost of peoples struggles. You, Ray, Yasmine, Annie, Vera, Manon, Zix, Sanne, Joy, Daniel, Anton) And
I love talking and potentialy helping to all of you guys, but ngl... I love the fact that I dont have to talk
to any of you for the next couple of weeks. But I also love listening to your stories. So, keep them coming.

Mis jullie nogsteeds. Ik kijk naar mijn poolcue en dan denk ik aan jullie guys. I really wanna play again.
Haven't gotten the chance to go to a new poolcenter though. Maybe tommorow.

Anyway, thats it for today. Love you guys!

xx Jer

