You know whats funny ZOë? You're not the first nor the last person who I have send letters to.
However... You are the only person who actually sended a letter back. Many people always tell
me, they love the idea of a penpall. So we make this agreement to become penpalls. So, I send
them a letter. They respond very exited through whatsapp they loved it, and its so sweet, and
no one ever send them an old fashion letter, and bla bla bla. Then they promise to send a
letter back, but in the end, they never tho. No one except you. So thanks for that. I genuinely
appreciate you being there, and being honest, and being my friend.

I followed a timemanagement class a couple weeks back. Have you ever heard of Parkinsons law?
If you don't, I'il give you a quick explanation. Parkinsons law is not really a timemanagement
method, but more principal. It's about using 100% focus, and 100% of the estimated time you
allocated to a task to actually accomplish the task. According to Parkinks law, the only way
to do that, is to have a clear vision of your goals, imagine how it would be if you have 
accomplished it, and find the thing, idea, or person that acts a your drive, or source of 
determination. So, that question kept me thinking. What is my drive? Of course, I do kinda
like the work that I do, but if I would win a bilion pounds, I would just go to an early 
retirement. So, that made me starting to think about another question. Who would actually
care if you succeed in life? Like, truely... ask yourself that question. Who would actually
care? In my case its not Anton. The only thing he cares about is talking about woman, drugs
or alcohol. It's not Indy, it's not Marcel, it's not anyone from my school, nor any random
chick who I start dating (or try to date, cuz most of the time I don't even get that far ಥ‿ಥ).
But then I realised, it's you. I think you're the only person besides my parents, who I want to
show that I'm doing good. Like, I could't give a shit about what other people think of me.
But I legitimately wanna show you that I'm doing good in life, because honestly, I think
you are the only person that actually does care.

PS. Im so sorry that I just vanished and went to Londen. But I just needed to vanish. And I
wouldn't have done it if I wasn't a 100% sure that you would be fine without me. 

PSS. Ait ultimate goal!! We are going to try to get a friendgroup. And for real!!!! That means
no random flings during the befriending process. Just fully focus on becoming friends and creating
and actual friendgroup.
