Hello there Mrs. Z,

First. You don't have to thank me, Zoë. I wouldn't mind dying, as long
as you're happy. (Well that's not completely true, I mean, I still have parents
and I don't think they would like it if I were dead.) But anyway, great to hear
you're doing good, and that Ricardo takes good care of you.

I wonder what the two of you would be doing right now. Probably watching a movie,
or playing video games. Perhaps looking for an apartment. I hope you guys had a
great day. Mine was alright. Stayed the entire day inside, tho. Woke up at 9. 
Studied for maybe 6 to 7 hours. Today was also leg day. So I did that. I managed to
get a keyboard in this room, so I continued studying Liebesleid. And that was my day.
Basically did a lot of studying, finished some paperwork, and worked out.

Tomorrow is about to be the same. I kinda do want to go out, but I'm immensely busy.

Though, something did happen yesterday that I haven't told you yet. You know I always keep 
a letter in my pocket. The letter isn't addressed to a specific person, but is written with the
intent to give to a person who needs it. Yesterday I met someone during my walk. (I always
walk 25 minutes as a break from work.) Anyway, it was raining, and this person was walking in
the rain. (I use the word "person" but obviously it's a girl. Don't worry. She was in her 30s.
So, she won't be a love interest.) Anyway, I had an umbrella. So I started walking next to her,
held the umbrella over our heads and said: "The weather is quite nice today, ain't it?". She
smiled, so that was a good sign. Then I asked: "Is it okay if I walk with you for the next 10
minutes?" and she said: "If you let me walk under your umbrella, then yes." So we walked. She
was headed to the station, so I accompanied her until we were there. The conversation itself
wasn't that special. It was just small talk... sort of. It's not that we talked about something
interesting, but the way she spoke was just... genuine. I believe she genuinely, wasn't
afraid of me, and was giving answer to my questions honestly. She told me that she was
exhausted from work, and that she would head straight to bed when she got home. I think 
that was the moment that I thought: "This is a good person." So I gave her one of my letters.
First letter I ever gave to a stranger.

Welp, that's it for today. See you tomorrow!

Xx Jer
