Hey Zoë,

I wanted to thank you again for writing all these letters for me.
Even though they are all digital format. I love them nonetheless.

Btw, now you mentioned it. Ricardo's birthday is coming up. I have 
actually, no clue about what I could give him. Although, I do have 
some idea. But it's kinda complicated, and I need to have some time
alone in your apartment to make sure it's even possible. I'll tell
you more about it soon. Something interesting is coming up real soon.
But on the other hand, a tattoo is actually not that bad of an idea.
Maybe I'll get tempted to get one as well. We'll see about that later.

Next topic. You're right. Technically, we are indeed adults. Although,
not gonna lie, I don't feel like an adult at all. Tbh, I still feel
like I'm in high school and am just winging my life bit by bit. Like,
I don't know what it is, but I just don't feel like I can connect
that well with the people of my own age group. That might sound really
strange. Let me give you an example. I went to that rave at king's night
remember? (I never should have gone, because things went to shit real fast.)
But anyway, I went to the party, and I had the feeling that I couldn't
quite bond with anyone there. They all looked older and mature, but
in reality, I bet they were all in my age group. It also might have to do
with that physical, I didn't really change at all. I'm this close to
becoming a bachelor of Science, but I still feel like I'm the guy who
just graduated from high school. 

But yeah, that was one thing I was kind of worrying about. But in the
end, it doesn't really matter that much. Life goes on, and I'm just gonna
keep on living. 

And yes, I am really curious to see how our lives would look like 20 years
from now. I bet you already have kids then. I wonder how many, because you don't
seem like the type that would stop after just one.

I hope that by that time, I have a couple houses in the Netherlands and in Indonesia.
Not only that, but I'm pretty sure I have bought my mom her house in Bandung by then too. 

Although, there might also be a possibility that 20 years from now, I am either dead
or in prison. But, let's hope it won't come to that.

That was it for today.

See you soon,

Xx Jer

PS I know that we will stay friends
