Dude... Wtf? You're gonna ace college!!! Dont worry about that. Im mean...
school is fun. You get to be a student, and hang out with other students. You
can actually be yourself and be with other people who are also being themselves.
Going to classes. Hanging out with your friends during breaks. Talk about bullshit
during class, and study for a class 2 days before the exam. And not to mention, you
can actually wear what you want, without thinking about something like dress code
policies, you would have at backwerk. Btw, bought new sneakers and a couple new shirts
wich make me look like an animecharacter. Also... we are one estatic team. Like even 
in te way we are dressed. 

Im dressed as myself. Sandcolour sneakers, black cargo/techwear, dirty white shirts 
because I explored an abandoned hospital before work. Clause always wears full three
piece suits, wich is fucking ironic because his name is god damm Clause. (Reminds me
of merin, only is clause actually hot and he could probably steal every mens girl.)
Then there is Leo. He is just casual. Casual looks good on him tho. Mike dresses also
a bit casual but a bit more neatly. Oh, and Sophia. Always, cute top. Skirt. Dr Martens.
Im starting to think she is lesbian btw. Not that matters of course, but I actually think
she could have been my type. Altho im kinda really sure she isnt really into me or anything. I
don't think she likes our team that much either.

Anyway, back to you. We need to get you a wardrobe. Perhaps even a new style. Doesnt have 
to be that different from you current style, but I do feel that something new will do
you good.

oh, and one other thing. I said at the beginning of this messagge, and Il say it again.
You're gonna ace college. Just don't panick. Do your best. You'll kill it. What is there
to be afraid of? And of the record. Your letter wasn't nearly as depressive. If you really
want something depressive. Get a bottle of wine, invite me to hang out in a park under the 
stars, make me talk, and make sure I do not lie.

See you soon,

X jer

