'sighs'. Today was a long day... Woke up at 6. started working at 9.
Went home at 9. Today was exhausting. We got our first real job. Things
are going well. It really interessting to see my team work. THey all have
different approaches and use different technique and technology.

Btw, I love reading your letters. I read one every day. I could read one 
every day for the rest of my life, and I still couldn't get borred by them.

But okay selfcare... wauw... That is an interessting subject. Probably because
that might have something to do with the fact that I wanted to disapear for a
while. Getting my shit to gether, mentally and physicly. Empty the mind. Take
everything out, reflect, put one thing back in, and start focussing on that
one thing. Also, this was great oppertunity to pick up on a couple of things.
Tiny things. Upgrade the wardrobe. Start thinking about bodycare, hygiene. Stuff
like that. I mean, you know that I still have never used a razor blade in my life,
right? I also never used anything like a facewash, hair products, parfume, etc.

And Im gonna mention it again. The god damm wardrobe dude. It hasnt had an upgrade
since have 5 or sommething. And appearantly its not even that hard to upgrade the
wardrobe just a tiny bit. Buying items that are more... clean, or pristine. 
I always wear thin hema t-shirts. Nothing wrong with them. But I am starting to
appreciate better materials and concepts like layering an outfit, and switching up 
styles.

Also, to answer your question. Haven't eaten anything unhealthy since I last saw you.
Been training almost everyday. I guess you already kinda figured out why. 

Working out actually isn't that bad. You just need motivation to begin. For me, its the
idea of coming back stronger. When I stretch, I put on some dark programmer music on, wich
make me feel like a badass anime character with daddy issuess, who is training alone. Kinda
lke batman. And I also like that you can actually see progress. I told you that my legs were
to weak to reach perfect form for my core workout. Now, I have the feeling that my legs
are stronger, and can keep up with my core workout. 

Anyway, what Imsaying is, that it can actually be fun. Maybe you could start working out with 
a friend. orRicardo of course!

And I think you're right. When you're going to school, you can finally start living a bit
more peacefull. School isnt designed to be hard. And I know you will do great. And im really
looking forward to see the person you'il become.

Thats it for now.

See you soon,

X Jer
